Choosing and managing metrics and key performance indicators for
live products is one of the most important responsibilities of a product manager.
Before a product launches,
a product manager can examine market data,
look at companies in similar markets if data is available,
and gather feedback on prototypes.
Once a product launches,
however, the data floodgates open.
With a live product,
you can begin to see how customers use your product.
You can speak with customers and get direct feedback.
You can see how metrics change when new marketing or features launch.
With so much data available,
product managers must choose the right metrics for their products to focus on.